
--- PAGE 1 ---
Riverview Reporter 
Champions Inspired by Values 
Term 1 Week 10 
19 March 2026 
From the Head’s Desk: 
Murray Johnson 
Week ahead: 
Thursday 19 March - School Photo Day. 
Friday 20 March - U10-Open Netball & Rugby @ Uplands. 
Tuesday 24 March - School Play - Oliver with a Twist - General seating, R80.00 per person. 
Wednesday 25 March - School Play - Oliver with a Twist - Dinner evening, R280.00 per person. 
Thursday 26 March - School Play - Oliver with a Twist - General seating, R80.00 per person. 
Friday 27 March - School closes 10h00. 
Dear Parents 
We are concluding our second last week of our first term. It has been a very eventful term, filled with many high-
lights across all aspects of school life. It is also time for us to reflect on the many achievements from our pupils, 
both in the classroom and on the sports field. These achievements make us proud as staff and naturally, as parents, 
these achievements of your children, no matter how big or small they may be, are significant milestones in their 
development as young people. Our school values, as well as our Christian ethos, remain at the core of our school. 
Our children continue to strive to be the best versions of themselves and every day I am reminded of how happy 
our children are at Riverview, how friendly and well-mannered they are and how they always aim to please. 
Over the past two weeks, our parents have been able to meet with the various class teachers and subject teachers 
about the progress of their children over this past term. These meetings are always insightful and I must compli-
ment our staff for their dedication and attention to detail around every child in their care. The feedback has been 
very positive and I do hope that you found these meetings with our teachers to be very meaningful, also high-
lighting where you can assist us as a school, as the partnership between the teacher and the parent is a vital one.  
 
We look forward to our school play, Oliver with a Twist, 
next week. This has certainly been a real highlight for our 
children and all our staff involved in this production. The 
excitement around the play on our campus is something 
quite special and I’m sure you as parents are feeling the ex-
citement too. We look forward to your attendance over the 
three days next week. I have no doubt that Oliver with a 
Twist will be a huge success. Culture is such an important 
offering at any school and we will continue to place empha-
sis on this at Riverview.  
 
Term 2 also promises to be a very eventful term and the 
term calendar will be shared with our newsletter next week. 
Enjoy the weekend and see you at the play next week. 

--- PAGE 2 ---
Selati Fun Run 2026 - Please send your entries to the school office 
Last entries for the Selati can be handed into the school office tomorrow.  
If you would like to enter but can only pay after the 25th please fill in the entry forms and send to the office so en-
tries can be captured. Payment can be made to Mrs Rutherford by the end of this term. 
All children that are running/walking the 2km or 4.9km race must be accompanied by a parent/guardian/adult.  
An entry form and R60 is required for every child for the 2km ; 4.9km fun run.  
An entry form and R60 is required for every parent/guardian/adult for the 2km ; 4.9km fun run. 
All Riverview Prep children will wear their Riverview greens for the Fun Run.  
This is a fun event for the community; please ensure your entries are handed in to the school office as soon as pos-
sible. 
Sport 
The past week, we travelled to Curro Nelspruit to play netball and rugby against them. We played against some 
tough competition, but the children kept their spirits high and played with lots of grit! Bonolo Dibakwane was inter-
nally nominated by the Riverview coaches as the man of the match. We look forward to the season with inspira-
tional players like him. On Friday, 20 March, we will travel to Uplands to play in their netball and rugby festival. 
Looking at the week ahead: 
20 March: U10-Open Festival @ Uplands.  
Senior Primary Camp 
The Senior Primary are reminded of their camp from 
the first day back at school next term and what to 
pack.  
Outdoor school is not only fun but a great learning ex-
perience not to be missed!  
Please note that a small day back pack will be useful to 
bring along. 

--- PAGE 3 ---
Pre–School News 
This week our Cubs had a delightful time decorating cupcakes. With frosting, sprinkles, and plenty of imagination, 
each child turned a simple treat into a colorful masterpiece. Beyond the fun, this activity encouraged creativity and 
fine motor skills. It was a joyful way to combine learning with a little sweetness! 
The Grade 000 children are having so much fun exploring numbers through play-based activities and games. 
Puzzle time is a favourite for the Grade 0 children. 
How precious is Your lovingkindness, O God! Therefore the children 
of men put their trust under the shadow of Your wings. 
Psalm 36:7 NKJV 
