
--- PAGE 1 ---
Riverview Reporter 
Champions Inspired by Values 
Term 2 Week 1 
16 April 2026 
From the Head’s Desk: 
Murray Johnson 
Dear Parents 
Welcome back to Term2! I trust you had a good break with your children over the Easter holidays and are looking 
forward to an exciting term ahead. It is certainly going to be a busy one and I will highlight some of the important 
events for your to diarise later.  
Tuesday morning at school was a hive of activity and there was much excitement on our campus as our senior pri-
mary children headed off to Three Sisters (a camp venue near Low’s Creek) on their annual outdoor camp. This is a 
brand new venue for us as a school and I had the privilege of spending the day out at camp yesterday with our pu-
pils and staff. It was hugely impressed firstly with the beautiful venue and accommodation and more importantly 
the quality of the instructors and the various activities our children were participating in.  
The children were divided into groups/teams on Day 1 and then form a special bond for the duration of camp, with 
the emphasis on teamwork in all activities. Outdoor camps and the “outdoor classroom” play a critical role in the 
development of young people and acquiring the necessary life skills in a different environment, away from the 
classroom. It remains an important focus for us to create learning opportunities for our pupils and what struck me 
was that the camp organisers were very welcoming for the input we as staff were able to give them. Ways in which 
they will make their venue, their facilities and activities offered even better for our next visit in 2027. 
This Friday we host our first sports festival of the term and it promises to be a great afternoon with enjoyable tag 
rugby and netball matches being played. Please try and support your children, if you are able to do so. There is cer-
tainly plenty sport on offer this term and I know our children and staff are excited for our winter sports programme. 
You would have seen that our rugby posts were erected over the holidays and our new rugby jerseys arrived this 
week too. These are both significant milestones and firsts for our school. In addition to our sport, there are fun days 
being planned as well as outings that will take place to enhance the learning experience.  
Academically, our standardised tests commence next week and our senior primary pupils write their mid year ex-
aminations from the 8th – 12th June. It is vitally important that our children develop good working habits at the start 
of term, many of them building on Term 1. Following parent interviews and Term 1 reports, the children know of 
their particular strengths, as well as the areas they need to work on.  
“Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire” (William Butler Yeats) 
Enjoy the weekend. 
Week ahead: 
Grade 4-7 Standardised Test 20-24 April: Natural Science. 
Friday 17 April - Mini Netball u7-u9 & Tag Rugby u7-u8 Festival @ RPS. 
Tuesday 21 April - U9-Open Netball & Rugby @ Penryn. 
Thursday 23 April - U7/8 Netball @ Penryn.  
Thursday 23 April - U9-Open Rugby @ Laerskool Malelane. 
Thursday 23 April - U9-Open Netball @ Laerskool Sabie. 
Friday 24 April - U9-Open Rugby @ White River Primary. 
Saturday 25 April - Netball Clinic @ RPS. 

--- PAGE 2 ---
Sport: 
A warm welcome from the Sport Office to all parents and pupils. We are excited to announce that our long-awaited 
rugby poles have been raised. This is an historic event for Riverview Prep School. We cannot wait to practise our 
skills and get our rugby on the map. 
We have our first mini netball and tag-rugby festival coming up on home soil. We invite all parents and pupils to 
attend and support our festival. Food will be on sale from the tuck shop, and we are excited to host Curro Nelspruit, 
Curro Mbombela, Uplands, Penryn, and Komatipoort Akademie. 
We have a busy term ahead. Please keep up to date with arrangements by being up to date with the WhatsApp 
groups and the Newsletter. 

--- PAGE 3 ---

--- PAGE 4 ---

--- PAGE 5 ---
Pre–School News 
The Cubs are kicking off the new term with a fascinating topic—bats! Far from being 
scary, these amazing animals are actually very helpful. Did you know bats eat lots of 
mosquitoes, making summer evenings more enjoyable for everyone? They even 
wrap their wings around themselves like a cozy blanket when they rest. Bats also 
love to hang upside down to sleep - their version of comfort. How cool is that! 
Grade 000 have returned from the holiday excited to play and learn together. This week they are exploring Autumn 
and have been enjoying singing our theme song of this week 
Outdoor play is vital for children's growth because it nurtures their bodies, minds, and emotions all at once. Run-
ning, climbing, and exploring build strength, coordination, and healthy physical habits, while natural settings spark 
curiosity, creativity, and problem-solving.  

--- PAGE 6 ---
Grade 0s having a wonderful time playing and creating with the new equipment 
bought for the preschool. 
When the Holy Spirit controls our lives, He will produce this kind of 
fruit in us: love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, 
gentleness, and self-control.  
Galatians 5:22-23 NLT 
