Riverview Reporter 
Champions Inspired by Values 
Term 1 Week 9 
12 March 2026 
From the Head’s Desk: 
Murray Johnson 
Week ahead: 
Monday 16 March - SP Parent Interviews 15h00 - 17h00.  
Tuesday 17 March - Curro talk to Grade 6 & 7. 
Tuesday 17 March - SP Parent Interviews 14h45 - 17h00.  
Wednesday 18 March - U9-Open Rugby Festival @ Curro Nelspruit.  
Thursday 19 March - School Photo Day. 
Friday 20 March - U10-Open Netball & Rugby @ Uplands. 
Dear Parents 
One can scarcely believe we are in the ninth week of this term. It certainly has been an eventful term and there has 
been much on offer across all aspects of school life, from sport, to various events and now we are building up to our 
cultural showpiece of the term, our annual school play. There is much excitement on campus and one can definitely 
feel that there is a definite buzz around the school, with many of our children and staff singing the lyrics to the great 
songs from Oliver with a Twist. We look forward to your attendance at our play over the 24th to 26th of March. You 
are certainly all in for a treat. The commitment shown by our staff and children and the many hours of practice, will 
ensure that our play will be a huge success. 
Winter sport is now well underway and our boys and girls have shown great enthusiasm at netball and rugby prac-
tices so far. We look forward to the season ahead going into next term too and we thank our sports department for 
arranging fixtures for all our teams. Often these are in the form of a festival format, which gives our children an op-
portunity to play more than one match in an afternoon and assists us as a school, as we have to travel vast distances 
for matches. Sport plays a pivotal role in the development of a young child, particularly team sports and it is some-
thing we value highly at Riverview. We look forward to your continued support from the sidelines.  
Our new school carpark continues to take shape and just this week the committee have organised all the extra road 
signage required to make this space safe for all our pupils and all road users. We believe that these additional signs 
will assist with traffic flow and will also make our carpark more professional looking too. As highlighted before, we 
are grateful for the many blessings we have received and know that this carpark project has been a collective effort 
from so many role-players, both parents and businesses, who just want the very best for our school.  
Our continued engagement with our community is an important part of our school and we will also endeavour to 
give back through various outreach projects we are working on and are already involved in as a school, for example 
the “Do More” initiative through RCL Foods, which is run by our pre-school teachers on our campus. 
We are in the process of finalising all our events for the second term and these will be shared with you before the 
close of term. Just a reminder that all our Grade 4-7 children will be away on an exciting camp in the first week of 
next term. Once again, school camps offer our children a tremendous learning opportunity off campus and we know 
the benefits of them, which include learning about independence, learning to work with others, improved social 
skills, stronger pupil-teacher relationships as well as teamwork to name but a few. These are all essential life skills 
too, to form a well-rounded child. 
Have a wonderful weekend everyone. 
Selati Fun Run 2026 - Please send your entries to the school office 
This year the fun run entries are capped and the school entry date cutoff is much earlier so please can we have all 
our Riverview fun run entries and payment handed into the school office by 16 March 2026.  
Please staple/join family entries together to make it easier to send tags home when they arrive closer to the event.  
All children that are running/walking the 2km or 4.9km race must be accompanied by a parent/guardian/adult.  
An entry form and R60 is required for every child for the 2km ; 4.9km fun run.  
An entry form and R60 is required for every parent/guardian/adult for the 2km ; 4.9km fun run. 
All Riverview Prep children will wear their Riverview greens for the Fun Run.  
This is a fun event for the community, please ensure your entries are handed in to the school office as soon as pos-
sible. 
(10km and 21km entries for adults are to be done directly online).  
Senior Primary Parent Meetings 
Please take note that you will be able to meet with your child’s teachers for a short one on one meeting to discuss 
your child’s progress next week :  
Monday 16th March between 15h00 and 17h00 or  
Tuesday 17th March between 14:45 and 17h00  
All Senior Primary teachers will be stationed near or in the Science and Mathematics classrooms.  
Please be mindful of the time and keep discussions short and to the point!  
First Term Reports will be handed out by register class teachers during these meetings. 
We look forward to meeting with you.  
Sport 
After MJ Zwane, the rush of the term seems to have settled down. We are practicing hard for the upcoming play 
and have settled into our netball and rugby practices. 
Swimming: 
Usentele Sibiya competed at the Swimming South Africa Level 1 Championships 2026 and ob-
tained two silver medals: 100m breaststroke and 50m butterfly. Well done on this fine achieve-
ment. 
Netball and Rugby: 
Our bags were packed and ready to go, but unfortunately, due to matters out of our control 
we could not attend Penryn’s Netball and Rugby Festival. We looked forward to showcasing 
our talent next week at Curro Nelspruit and Uplands. 
Looking at the week ahead: 
18 March: u9-open Rugby Festival @ Curro Nelspruit. 
20 March: u10-open Netball and Rugby @ Uplands. 
School Photo Day 
Just a friendly reminder that School Photo Day will take place on Thursday, 19 March 2026. 
Please make sure pupils come to school neat, well-groomed, and in full school uniform (not the Riverview Greens) 
so they can look their best for their photos. 
Thank you, and we look forward to seeing lots of bright smiles!  
We are less than two weeks away from our first perfor-
mance of “Oliver with a Twist” and the children are working 
extremely hard to put on an incredible production.  
The children were asked to bring in their costumes by 10 
March. We have received a few costumes, and ask that the 
rest are brought in by Monday 17 March at the latest, in 
order for the children to be ready for the dress rehearsal.  
All children from Grade 1 to 7 will be involved in the produc-
tion for all three evenings, the 24 March, 25 March and 26 
March. Attendance by all Grade 1-7 pupils is compulsory on 
all three nights.  
Tickets for the three performances are on sale from Mrs 
Rutherford at Reception.  
Riverview Book Week 
Last week was Reading Week at Riverview Prep! 
We started the week with an assembly which taught the children that reading is a SUPERPOWER. Various reading 
activities were completed during the week, which culminated in a “Book Character Dress-up”. Wonderful creativity 
was shown and the children thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to make their characters come alive. 
Pre–School News 
Finally all of you, live in harmony with one another; be sympathetic, 
love as brothers, be compassionate and humble. 
1 Peter 3:8 NIV 
This week, our Cubs stepped into the world of The Three Little Pigs! With snorts, 
squeals, and lots of laughter, the children built houses of “straw,” “sticks,” and “bricks,” 
while the Big Bad Wolf tried his best to huff and puff them down. The room was filled 
with giggles as the pigs stood strong and the wolf gave his most dramatic growls.  
The Grade 000 children are having a blast exploring 
numbers and having fun while learning. From hands-
on activities to play-based maths adventures, 
they're developing their number sense skills in fun 
ways. 
The Grade 0s jumped at the opportunity to dress up as their favourite character for book week. 
