
--- PAGE 1 ---
Riverview Reporter 
Champions Inspired by Values 
Term 1 Week 11 
27 March 2026 
From the Head’s Desk: 
Murray Johnson 
First week next term: 
Tuesday 14 April - School opens 07h00. 
Tuesday 14 April - Senior Primary Camp. 
Wednesday 15 April - Senior Primary Camp. 
Thursday 16 April - Senior Primary Camp. 
Friday 17 March - Senior Primary Camp return. 
Fridy 17 April - Mini Netball u7-u9 & Tag Rugby u7-u8 Festival @ RPS. 
Dear Parents 
Term 1 has been a very eventful and rewarding term for our pupils and for us as a school. It is important to have a 
busy school and next term will be no different with plenty on offer. There have been many highlights, from our start 
of term PA Parents’ Braai, to achieving fourth place at the MJ Zwane Athletics Meeting for independent schools in 
Nelspruit and finally our school play, Oliver with a Twist, which has been showcased this week. It has been wonder-
ful to see many of our parents, grandparents and friends of Riverview attend the various shows this week. Our 
school certainly has talented children and I have no doubt that this event will be etched in their memories for many 
years to come. It has been wonderful to witness the growth in our children as well as the confidence they have all 
gained through the play. A huge thanks must go to Megan Swart and Cally Johnson for their tireless efforts, as the 
play producers this year, as well as all our staff involved in making this such a success and a lasting memory for all.  
In addition to these two standout calendar events, our children have had the opportunity to go on outings, partici-
pate in various sports festivals and despite the busyness, the academic engagement has been there in our class-
rooms from our children. We know they are tired and need this well-deserved holiday over Easter to rest and relax 
and to come back refreshed for an exciting Term 2. Our staff have also provided these wonderful opportunities for 
our children and they too will enjoy their deserved break. Sadly, we say farewell to Megan Swart who has been on 
our staff for nine years. Megan has certainly left her mark here at Riverview and her passion for education and the 
love for the children in her care are clear for all to see. We wish Megan and her family all the very best for the fu-
ture and thank her for her contribution to Riverview.  
To conclude, may we continue to strive for success at Riverview in all that we do here. The three essential elements 
to achieve this are responsibility, commitment and excellence.  
“Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s the determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal – 
a commitment to excellence – that will enable you to attain the success you seek” 
Mario Andretti 
Enjoy the holiday with your families and travel safely. 

--- PAGE 2 ---
GRADE 7 EMS FIELD TRIP – THE PRODUCTION PROCESS 
The Grade 7’s were privileged to be able to tour the new Baobab Factory right here in Malelane.  
We finished our EMS curriculum discussing the production process, inputs, processes and outputs.  We talked 
about safety, legislation and technology and how all of these things impact effective and efficient manufacturing of 
goods. 
The Grade 7’s saw all of this on action with Marc, the Baobab Manager, who did an excellent tour and explained 
how all of these things work together to create a safe and effective production process. 
We would like to thank Marc and his team at Baobab, as well as Mr Lex Hollman for the opportunity to tour the 
facility. 
Grade 6's Explore Food Safety at Baobab Sausage Factory in Malelane 
Our Grade 6's visited the Baobab Sausage Factory in Malelane, where they learned exactly how chicken Polony and 
Russians are made. They watched the production process and discovered the strict hygiene rules followed at every 
step, from handling ingredients to packaging.   
The trip highlighted the importance of handwashing, proper PPE, and safety protocols so that what ends up on our 
plates is safe to eat.   
This field trip gave learners a real life view of how their food is made and helped them understand the responsibil-
ity behind every product they buy or eat. It connected classroom lessons to the world outside school in a fun and 
memorable way.   
Learners returned to school even more excited about eating Polony and Russians! It seems their hunger for learning 
was only matched by their hunger for lunch. 
Mathematics 
The annual South African Mathematics Challenge (SAMC 2026) has come 
around again.   
Round 1 included a collaborative paper where the pupils worked in pairs.   
We are very proud of the following Grade 5 pupils who have made it 
through to Round 2.   
Phiwokuhle Nsingwane and Luthando Nzimande; Mukhethwa Bereda and 
Donovan Chance. The SAMC will be an individual effort from Round 2. 

--- PAGE 3 ---
Soccer 
Riverview Soccer star pupils Mabuthonke Mdhlovu, Masimthembe Sibiya, & 
Simtholile Zulu were selected to represent Mamelodi Sundowns Soccer School Nel-
spruit at La Copa tournament held at Curro Mbombela on 21 March 2026. 
The tournament comprised five teams. 
Nelspruit U/7 (Masimthembe’s team) won the trophy  and secured gold medals. 
Nelspruit U/9 (Simtholile’s team) finished second after losing to Witbank in the final. 
Nelspruit U/11 (Mabuthonke’s team) finished second in the tournament after losing 
to TS Galaxy in the penalties. 
We are extremely proud of our young soccer stars and wish them all the best for 
this year’s soccer season. 
Last night marked our final performance and what a way to end the term. With the curtain closing on a fantastic 
show, we’re heading into the holidays feeling proud and excited. 
After weeks of hard work and rehearsals, the show was a huge success, full of laughter, music, dancing and amazing 
performances.  
Our pupils have really showcased their talent and both staff and pupils are to be thanked for their efforts. 

--- PAGE 4 ---
Pre–School News 
We are delighted to share that our Cubs class now has a beautiful new doll house lovingly handcrafted by Doug Tap-
son. Thank you, Doug for your generosity and skill—this special gift will spark imaginative play, sharing and warm 
smiles. Every little one who enters Cubs will enjoy hours of creative fun with the doll house, and we can’t wait to see 
the stories and friendships it inspires. 
Grade 00 class engaging in some STEM activities this week.  Creating bridges and developing communication skills 
and creativity. 
Grade 0s Easter Crafts. 

--- PAGE 5 ---
