Riverview Reporter 
Champions Inspired by Values 
Term 1 Week 7 
26 February 2026 
From the Head’s Desk: 
Murray Johnson 
Week ahead: 
Grade 4-7 Standardised Test 02 March-06 March: Afrikaans. 
Thursday 26 February - League Relay Gala @ St. Peters. 
Saturday 28 February - MJ Zwane Athletics @ Hoërskool Nelspruit . 
Wednesday 4 March - U/10-Open Fast 5s Netball & Fast 7s Rugby @ Penryn. 
Saturday 7 March - Uplands Open Day.   
Dear Parents 
It is hard to imagine we are in week seven of our first term. Our campus continues to be a busy place for all, 
from early morning practices for the MJ Zwane Athletics on Saturday to the ongoing play practices ahead of 
our end of March production, Oliver with a Twist. We continue to offer great variety to our children across 
every aspect of school life and our staff must take a great deal of credit for this as they continue to look for 
opportunities for all our children. We also have well established relationships with our other independent 
schools in our region and although the MJ Zwane athletics meeting will be a competitive day between our in-
dependent schools in our region, it is also about collegiality between our schools, something which is very im-
portant.  
There are so many different exciting events and projects being planned for our school this year. Just this morn-
ing we had another successful PA meeting and preparations are well underway towards the hosting of our 
school golf day on Saturday 25th July at the Malelane Golf Club. This is our major fundraising drive, but a golf 
day in our town is also about involving our community and local businesses. More details will follow shortly 
through our marketing department and our social media pages about participating on the day or contributing 
by way of sponsorship or prizes etc. This would be greatly appreciated by our PA and as we know it takes a real 
team to make a successful golf day. 
The carpark sub-committee continue to make a huge difference and I’m sure you are seeing the new look car-
park taking shape. Thanks to the continued efforts of our team and our gardens committee who will be heavily 
involved in beautifying this space towards the N4. 
We wish all our team athletes all the very best for the athletics on Saturday and I have no doubt that many of 
our children will excel in their respective events. They have worked hard throughout the season and this brings 
our season to a fitting close. I hope to see many of you watching from the sidelines in Nelspruit on Saturday. 
Have a wonderful weekend everyone. 
Raffle 
Thank you to all Riverview pupils and parents for your wonderful support with the raffle sales. The support has 
been greatly appreciated and very well received so far. 
This is just a friendly reminder that all raffle sheets need to be handed in by 6 March, as we will be drawing the win-
ners at assembly on 9 March. 
Play costumes 
Just a reminder that all play costumes need to be ready and at school by 10 March. 
If your child’s costume is already sorted, it may be brought to school on a hanger, clearly labelled with your child’s 
name. 
Tickets 
We are very excited that our production of “Oliver with a Twist” is only a month away. Ticket sales are now open! 
The production will take place over three evenings, the 24th March and 25th March being “Dinner Theatre” evenings 
where a meal will be served, and the 26th March being seating only, where refreshments can be bought from the 
tuckshop.  
The dinner evenings will include seating at tables of 12 people. Should you wish to be seated with a specific group 
of people, please book and pay early, as tables will be sold on a “first come, first served” basis.   
Please purchase your tickets and reserve your table with Ann-Marie Rutherford at the front office. 
Ticket prices are as follows: 
24 and 25 March (Dinner Theatre) – R280 per person. 
26 March (General seating) – R80 per person. 
Sport 
This past week, our swimmers attended a relay gala at Flamboyant. The swimmers achieved excellent results: 
U7,8,10 and 11 achieved 1st place in breaststroke and freestyle. The u9 swimmers placed 2nd in breaststroke, back-
stroke and freestyle, the u12 swimmers placed 1st in backstroke and the open swimmers placed 1st in backstroke 
and freestyle. Our girls won the medley relay gala and the boys won the ladder relay. We congratulate the swim-
mers on achieving such excellent results. 
This week we are competing in the St Peters Gala. We are looking forward to seeing what the swimmers can do in 
the pool. 
On Friday, Vutomi Mthethwa is traveling to Witbank to compete at the Mpumalanga Schools Athletics Champion-
ship. She will be competing for a spot in the national team for long jump. We wish her all the best and look forward 
to her results. 
On Saturday, we are attending the MJ Zwane Athletics Meeting that is hosted by Curro Nelspruit at Hoërskool Nel-
spruit. This event is the pinnacle of our Athletics season. The athletes have been working very hard and we look 
forward to their results on Saturday. 
Riverview Book week 2-6 March 
Next week is “Book Week” at Riverview, where we will cele-
brate books and reading, with some fun activities.  
The week will conclude with the children dressing up as a 
character from a book on Friday 6th March.  
Please assist them in trying to co-ordinate a creative cos-
tume using items from home (rather than buying). 
Grade 6 Afrikaans 
The Grade 6 class became astronauts in Afrikaans this 
week doing their first proper speeches! 
Grade 7s Mentor Assembly 2026  
 Congratulations to our Grade 7 pupils who are now officially mentors at school. They are a dynamic, motivated and 
caring group of young adults and I look forward to seeing them develop and mature over the year as they interact 
with and guide the younger pupils of our school. Thomas Dreyer gave them such a heartwarming and uplifting mes-
sage at their special assembly.   It was lovely to have the parents attend the assembly and witness their children 
receiving their badges. The Grade 7’s are wearing their badges with great pride. 
Pre–School News 
Come, let us tell of the Lord’s greatness; let us exalt His name together. 
Psalm 34:3 NLT 
Our Cubs have been busy discovering the amazing world of our bodies!  Learning how each body part helps us 
move, play, and grow.   
To make the learning extra fun, the Cubs became little builders! Using matchsticks, they created their very own 
body structures, carefully piecing together arms, legs, head and torsos. It was wonderful to see their creativity shine 
as they proudly showed off their matchstick people.   
Through play, imagination, and teamwork, the Cubs are learning that our bodies are truly incredible. What a joyful 
week of discovery! 
Grade 000 is exploring the vibrant colours of the world through arts & crafts, games and more! From red apples to 
blue skies, they're learning it all. 
Grade 0s had more Buddy fun. We are learning all about getting to know new friends on a weekly basis. 
